# ETO-WLSSVM-BrownBoost

SNL dataset [1]. The SNL dataset with two types of LIBs with distinct chemistries, i.e., Panasonic’s NCA (NCR18650B, 3.2Ah) and LG’s NMC (18650HG2, 3Ah). The dataset consists of 25 NCA and 32 NMC batteries, with rated capacities of 3.2 Ah and 3 Ah, respectively. Both battery types were tested under identical environmental conditions, with a constant charge rate of 0.5C and temperature settings of 15°C, 25°C, and 35°C, respectively. The NCA batteries were subjected to discharge rates of 0.5C, 1C, and 2C, while the NMC batteries underwent discharge at rates of 0.5C, 1C, 2C, and 3C. In this study, four NCA batteries and four NMC batteries were selected for the experiment.
Oxford dataset [2]. The Oxford dataset is compiled by the University of Oxford. A total of 8 lithium-ion batteries with a rated capacity of 740 mAh are investigated. The experiments are conducted at a constant 40 °C. During cycling, the cells are charged at 2 C constant current and discharged under dynamic conditions simulating driving profiles. After every 100 cycles, a 1 C charge/discharge cycle is performed to determine the cell’s current capacity. In this study, the first four batteries were selected for the experiment, namely CELL1, CELL2, CELL3 and CELL4.
UofM dataset [3]. The UofM dataset encompasses pouch cells from the University of Michigan’s Powertrain Battery Laboratory, including aging data from three LIBs cycled at experimental conditions for charging at a rate of 0.2C and discharging at a rate of 0.2C (U1), charging at a rate of 1.5C and discharging at a rate of 1.5C(U4), and charging at a rate of 0.2C and discharging at a rate of 1.5C (U10) under the same temperature (23°C). 
Wenzhou Pack Degradation dataset [4]. The Wenzhou Pack Degradation dataset was collected by Wenzhou University using lithium iron phosphate pouch cells. A total of 32 batteries with a nominal capacity of 0.8 Ah and a nominal voltage of 3.7 V were used. The first eight batteries were subjected to degradation tests separately. In this study, battery 2 (W2) and battery 4(W4) were selected for analysis. The charging process was performed at a constant current of 0.8 A until the voltage reached 4.2 V, followed by a constant voltage phase until the current dropped to 0.2 A to prevent overcharging. Discharge was carried out at 0.8 A until the voltage decreased to 2.7 V.
Zhu dataset [5]. The Zhu dataset encompasses commercial 18,650 cylindrical lithium-ion cells from industry suppliers (LG Chem and Samsung SDI), including aging data from three distinct cathode chemistries cycled under varied operational conditions.   NCA batteries cycled at temperatures of 25°C, 35°C, and 45°C with charge/discharge rates of 0.25C/1C, 0.5C/1C, and 1C/1C. NCM batteries cycled at 25°C, 35°C, and 45°C with a 0.5C/1C charge/discharge protocol. In this study, three batteries each from NCA and NMC were selected which called ZHU1 to ZHU6 and aging experiments were conducted under different experimental conditions of temperature and charging rate.

[1]	Preger Y, Barkholtz H M, Fresquez A, et al. Degradation of commercial lithium-ion cells as a function of chemistry and cycling conditions. Journal of The Electrochemical Society, 2020, 167(12): 120532.
[2] Howey D. Oxford battery team data and code. 2011. URL http://howey. eng. ox. ac. uk/data-and-code.
[3] Mohtat P, Siegel J B, Stefanopoulou A G, et al. UofM pouch cell voltage and expansion cyclic aging dataset. Deep Blue Data, 2021.
[4] Lyu D, Liu E, Chen H, et al. Transfer-driven prognosis from battery cells to packs: An application with adaptive differential model decomposition. Applied Energy, 2025, 377: 124290.
[5] Zhu J, Wang Y, Huang Y, et al. Data-driven capacity estimation of commercial lithium-ion batteries from voltage relaxation. Nature communications, 2022, 13(1): 2261.
